All snap changes (#1)
agoric-labs/cosmos-snap: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing to Cosmos Metamask Snap

We love your input! We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as possible, whether it's:

- Reporting a bug
- Discussing the current state of the code
- Submitting a fix
- Proposing new features
- Becoming a maintainer

## We Develop with Github
We use Github to host code, to track issues and feature requests, as well as accept pull requests.

## We Use [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/index.html), So All Code Changes Happen Through Pull Requests
Pull requests are the best way to propose changes to the codebase. We actively welcome your pull requests:

> 1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `main`.
```

2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. Issue that pull request!

## Any contributions you make will be under the MIT License (LICENSE)
In short, when you submit code changes, your submissions are understood to be under the same MIT License (LICENSE) that covers the project. Feel free to contact the maintainers if that's a concern.

> ## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues)
> We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/briandk/transcriptase-atom/issues); it's that easy!

Author: ```suggestion
## Report bugs using Github's [issues](https://github.com/cosmos/snap/issues)
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Report a bug by [opening a new issue](https://github.com/cosmos/snap/issues); it's that easy!
```
